Add docs-build-push github workflow (#2300)
nginxinc/nginx-gateway-fabric: site/README.md

This directory contains all of the user documentation for NGINX Gateway Fabric, as well as the requirements for building and publishing the documentation.

> Documentation is written in Markdown, built using [Hugo](https://gohugo.io) with [nginx-hugo-theme](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-hugo-theme). Previews and deployments are handled by the [docs-actions](https://github.com/nginxinc/docs-actions?tab=readme-ov-file#docs-actions) workflow.

Reviewer: Suggestion only: I'd like us as a group to "take ownership:"

```suggestion
We write our documentation in Markdown. We build it with [Hugo](https://gohugo.io) and our custom [NGINX Hugo theme](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-hugo-theme). We set up previews and deployments using our [docs-actions](https://github.com/nginxinc/docs-actions?tab=readme-ov-file#docs-actions) workflow.
```

Reviewer: OTOH, if you want to stay consistent with what you've set up in similar `site/README.md` files, I'm good with that too.

Author: This makes sense, I'll update the other PR I have up as well. 👍
